Backend service (#51)
aeternity/ae-channel-service: README.md

mix test
```

or for testnet
```bash
AE_NODE_URL="wss://testnet.aeternity.io:443/channel" AE_NODE_NETWORK_ID="ae_uat" mix test
```

Scenarios executed can be found [here](apps/ae_socket_connector/test/ae_socket_connector_test.exs)

> > test are designed to execute on a quick mining node, thus the test will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> tests are designed to execute on a quick mining node, thus the test will 
```

> fail when directed to testnet. This is however keps as referense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fail when directed to testnet. This however is kept as reference.
```

Now, point your browser to [http://localhost:4000/](http://localhost:4000/)

## Run sample interactive web client (testnet)

```bash
AE_NODE_URL="wss://testnet.aeternity.io:443/channel" AE_NODE_NETWORK_ID="ae_uat" iex -S mix phx.server
```

point your browser to `http://localhost:4000/`

> > testnet is currently load balanced, you need to be persistent (try again) to get your channel up and running. Current recomended worksround is to host your own node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> testnet is currently load balanced, you need to be persistent (try again) to get your channel up and running. Current recommended workaround is to host your own node.
```
